1.	General questions
  a.	What were your expectations and are they solved? 
  b.	What aspects did you like?
  c.	What aspects did you not like?
  d.	What do you think about the layout? 
  e.	Did you find the content relevant?
  f.	Did this book fulfill specific needs you had? 
  g.	Does this book help you to reach certain official learning goals? Which ones? 
2.	Functionalities 
  a.	Did everything work like it should? 
  b.	Was every interaction fast enough? 
  c.	Which interaction do you prefer?
  d.	Which interaction do you find the least interesting? 
  e.	Can you give a score (0-5) for each functionality and a brief explanation? 
    i.	Text
    ii.	The connection between the smart lamps and certain words 
    iii.	Interactive pictures with the sound of the animal 
    iv.	A short movie about the life of an animal 
    v.	The use of an online map 
    vi.	A picture of a map  
    vii.	Interactive puzzel  
    viii.	Quiz  
    ix.	Search functionality 
  f.	Do you think that the combination of the color of the lights and certain concepts will help children better remember the concepts and have them experience the learning materials more intense?  
  g.	Is it useful to use multiple functionalities (lamp, sound, pictures,…) to learn children about animals?  
  h.	Will children be more motivated to learn?  
  i.	Which functionalities influence the individual learning process and which will help learning in group?  
  j.	Do you want to be able to add notes after the use of a book and be able to email them to yourself?  
  k.	Do you think you had enough information in advance in order to use the book?  
  l.	What do you think about the possibility to be able to consult different types of media in one environment? In the interactive book you can combine video, pictures, sounds,… all-in one. You don’t have to open different tabs in your browser for instance.  
3.	Target segmentation
  a.	Do you think this book is suitable for the children in your class?  
  b.	Do you think this book is suitable for younger or older children?  
  c.	To what extent do you think schools will be willing to use these types of books in the future?  
4.	To conclude
  a.	Do you have any remarks or suggestions?
  b.	Would you be interested in a reading aloud function? 
  c.	Do you think this would be helpful for children with reading problems? 

 
